c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\VirtualAdvisor.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\VirtualAdvisor.pdb
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.dll
c:\users\master\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.pdb
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\VirtualAdvisor.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\VirtualAdvisor.pdb
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.dll
C:\Users\Gosan\Documents\GitHub\SEP-REPO\VirtualAdvisor\obj\Debug\VirtualAdvisor.pdb
